---
layout: big_card_for_md
title: Apache Myriad 0.2.0 (Incubating) Released
author: <a href="https://github.com/darinj">Darin Johnson</a> (Apache Myriad committer, 0.2.0 Release Manager)
date:   2016-06-29 16:45:00
categories: blogs
---

##### {{page.title}} 

On behalf of the entire Myriad Team, I’m happy to announce the release of Apache Myriad 0.2.0 (incubating).  This is the 
second release of Myriad in the Apache Incubator.  Among the features of the 0.2.0 release are increased reliability of 
Fine Grained Scaling, support for running the Node Manager and Auxiliary Services (JobHistory Server, etc) in Docker 
Containers, and better distribution management of the Hadoop configuration and binaries.  This release brings Myriad much 
closer to being production quality.

In addition to new features, we also welcome our newest committer Yuliya Feldman (MapR) and a new contributor Zachary Jaffee 
(Case Western Reserve University).  

Many thanks to the following individuals who contributed code/documentation to the Myriad project. This release wouldn’t 
have been possible without their effort.

* Aashreya Ravi Shankar
* Adam B
* Brandon Gulla
* Darin Johnson
* Jim Klucar
* Kannan Rajah
* Ken Sipe
* Kris Chi
* Larry Edelstein
* Mohit Soni
* Naveen Manivannan
* Paul Read
* Ruth Harris
* Santosh Marella
* Sarjeet Singh
* Shingo Omura
* Suneel Marthi
* Swapnil Daingade
* Yuliya Feldman
* Zachary Jaffee
* Zhongyue Luo
 
This is the second of many Apache Myriad releases. We've already started merging new pull requests for the next release, 
where we plan to add support for YARN Security and advanced Mesos features like reservations/volumes and oversubscription.

If you’d like to get started we encourage you to start with our [documentation wiki](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MYRIAD/).
For more details on the 0.2.0 release, please refer to our [release notes](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MYRIAD/Release+Notes#ReleaseNotes-myriad-0.2.0-incubating). 
The release sources can be downloaded from [here](http://www.apache.org/dist/incubator/myriad/myriad-0.2.0-incubating/). 
To try out the latest and greatest code, please checkout Myriad’s [git repository](https://github.com/apache/incubator-myriad.git).

If you have any questions, please feel free to reach us out at [dev@myriad.incubator.apache.org](mailto:dev@myriad.incubator.apache.org).

Enjoy!

###### {{page.author}} | {{page.date | date_to_string}}
